README.md, before:

Ohcount
=======

Ohloh's source code line counter.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License Version 2 as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

License
-------

Ohcount is specifically licensed under GPL v2.0, and no later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Overview
--------

Ohcount is a library for counting lines of source code.
It was originally developed at Ohloh, and is used to generate
the reports at www.openhub.net.

Ohcount supports multiple languages within a single file: for example,
a complex HTML document might include regions of both CSS and JavaScript.

Ohcount has two main components: a detector which determines the primary
language family used by a particular source file, and a parser which
provides a line-by-line breakdown of the contents of a source file.

Ohcount includes a command line tool that allows you to count individual
files or whole directory trees. It also allows you to find source code
files by language family, or to create a detailed annotation of an
individual source file.

Ohcount includes a Ruby binding which allows you to directly access its
language detection features from a Ruby application.

System Requirements
-------------------

Ohcount is supported on  Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. Other Linux
environments should also work, but your mileage may vary.

Ohcount does not support Windows.

Ohcount targets Ruby 1.9.3. The build script requires a bash shell. You
also need a C compiler to build the native extensions.

Source Code
-----------

Ohcount source code is available as a Git repository:

  git clone git://github.com/blackducksw/ohcount.git

Building Ohcount
----------------

You will need ragel 6.8 or higher, bash, pcre, magic, gcc (version 4.8.2 or greater)
and SWIG (2.0.11). Once you have them, go to the top directory of ohcount and run

```
./build
```

Using Ohcount
-------------

Once you've built ohcount, the executable program will be at bin/ohcount. The most basic use is to count lines of code in a directory tree. run:

```
bin/ohcount
```

Ohcount support several options. Run `ohcount --help` for more information.

Building Ruby and Python Libraries
----------------------------------

To build the ruby wrapper:

```
./build ruby
```

To build the python wrapper, run

```
python python/setup.py build
python python/setup.py install
```

The python wrapper is currently unsupported.

Commit message:

Add Dockerfile for easier run

README.md, after:

Ohcount
=======

Ohloh's source code line counter.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License Version 2 as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

Usage & Installation in Docker
------------------------------

This is a fork of original code for easier installation and usage using Docker.
Use the following lines:

```
docker build -t ohcount .
docker run -it -v `pwd`:/code ohcount
```

License
-------

Ohcount is specifically licensed under GPL v2.0, and no later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Overview
--------

Ohcount is a library for counting lines of source code.
It was originally developed at Ohloh, and is used to generate
the reports at www.openhub.net.

Ohcount supports multiple languages within a single file: for example,
a complex HTML document might include regions of both CSS and JavaScript.

Ohcount has two main components: a detector which determines the primary
language family used by a particular source file, and a parser which
provides a line-by-line breakdown of the contents of a source file.

Ohcount includes a command line tool that allows you to count individual
files or whole directory trees. It also allows you to find source code
files by language family, or to create a detailed annotation of an
individual source file.

Ohcount includes a Ruby binding which allows you to directly access its
language detection features from a Ruby application.

System Requirements
-------------------

Ohcount is supported on  Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. Other Linux
environments should also work, but your mileage may vary.

Ohcount does not support Windows.

Ohcount targets Ruby 1.9.3. The build script requires a bash shell. You
also need a C compiler to build the native extensions.

Source Code
-----------

Ohcount source code is available as a Git repository:

  git clone git://github.com/blackducksw/ohcount.git

Building Ohcount
----------------

You will need ragel 6.8 or higher, bash, pcre, magic, gcc (version 4.8.2 or greater)
and SWIG (2.0.11). Once you have them, go to the top directory of ohcount and run

```
./build
```

Using Ohcount
-------------

Once you've built ohcount, the executable program will be at bin/ohcount. The most basic use is to count lines of code in a directory tree. run:

```
bin/ohcount
```

Ohcount support several options. Run `ohcount --help` for more information.

Building Ruby and Python Libraries
----------------------------------

To build the ruby wrapper:

```
./build ruby
```

To build the python wrapper, run

```
python python/setup.py build
python python/setup.py install
```

The python wrapper is currently unsupported.
